= Qutebrowser =

== Tab manipulation ==
* J - next tab
* K - previous tab
* <num>T - select tab
* d - close tab
* u - undo close tab
== History ==
* H - back in history
* L - forward in history
== Copying / Yanking ==
* yy - Copy/yank URL
* yY - Copy URL to selection
* yt - Copy title to clipboard
* yT - Copy title to selection
== Pasting ==
* pp - Open URL from clipboard
* pP - Open URL from selection
* Pp - Open URL from clipboard in new tab
* PP - Open URL from selection in new tab
* wp - Open URL from clipboard in new window
* wP - Open URL from selection in new window
== Navigation ==
* [[ - Click "previous"-link on page
* ]] - Click "next"-link on page
* {{ - Click "preious"-link on page in new tab
* }} - Click "next"-link on page in new tab
* ⌃a - Increment no. in URL
* ⌃x - Decrement no. in URL
== Scrolling ==
* ⌃f - Page down
* ⌃b - Page up
* ⌃d - Half page down
* ⌃u - Half page up
== Opening ==
* go - Open based on cur. URL
* gO - Open based on cur. URL in new tab
* xO - Open based on cur. URL in background tab
* xo - Open in background tab
* wo - Open in new window
== Back / Forward ==
* th - Back (in new tab)
* wh - Back (in new window)
* tl - Forward (in new tab)
* wl - Forward (in new window)
== Extended Hint Mode ==
* ;b - Open hint in background tab
* ;h - Hover over hint (mouse-over)
* ;i - Hint images
* ;I - Hint images in new tab
* ;o - Put hinted URL in cmd. line
* ;O - Put hinted URL in cmd. line in new tab
== Extended Hint Mode ==
* ;y - Yank hinted URL to clipboard
* ;Y - Yank hinted URL to selection
* ;r - Rapid hinting
* ;R - Rapid hinting in new window
* ;d - Download hinted URL
== Misc Commands ==
* gm - Move tab
* gl - Move tab to left
* gr - Move tab to right
* gC - Clone tab
* gf - View page source
* gu - Navigate up in URL
* gU - Navigate up in URL in new tab
* sf - Save config
* ss - Set setting
* sl - Set temp. setting
* sk - Bind key
* Ss - Show settings
* wi - Open web inspector
* gd - Download page
* ad - Cancel download

